Add Interlogix Ultrasync Alarm System Integration (#15482)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/ultrasync.markdown

---
title: Interlogix UltraSync Hub
description: Instructions on how to integrate your Interlogix UltraSync Hub within Home Assistant.
ha_category:
  - Alarm

> logo: informix.png

Reviewer: Please add a logo to our [brands repository](https://github.com/home-assistant/brands), you can remove the line here

Author: Done; updated comments. Here is a [quick link to brands/1994](https://github.com/home-assistant/brands/pull/1994)
You also brought forth another bug, it shouldn't have read `informix.png`, but `interlogix.png` instead.  Sorry about that; this is also fixed in latest push to this branch.

Reviewer 2: You'll need to remove the `logo` manifest from this PR.

---
title: Interlogix UltraSync Hub
description: Instructions on how to integrate your Interlogix UltraSync Hub within Home Assistant.
ha_category:
  - Alarm
logo: ultrasync.png
ha_iot_class: Local Polling
ha_release: 0.119
ha_config_flow: true
ha_codeowners:
  - '@caronc'
ha_domain: ultrasync
---

> The `ultrasync` platform will allow you to monitor and control your Interlogix UltraSync Hub from within Home Assistant and setup automation.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The Ultrasync integration will allow you to monitor and control your Interlogix UltraSync Hub from within Home Assistant and setup automation.
```

## Configuration

Go to the integrations page in your configuration and click on new integration -> UltraSync.

> **Note**: You can only be logged into the ZeroWire/UltraSync hub with the same user once; a subsequent login with the same user logs out the other. Since Home Assistant (HA) actively polls and maintains a login session to this Hub, it can prevent you from being able to log into at the same time elsewhere (via it's website). It is strongly recommended that you create a second user account on your Hub dedicated for just HA.

Reviewer 2: Don't abbreviate HA.

## Sensor

> This component will create these sensors in the format of `{ultrasync_hubname}_{sensor}`;  The below example assumes you accept the default name of `UltraSync` (which is still represented in lowercase):

Reviewer 2: The names entity names can be changed by the user, right? They are also visible in the device overview, right?

So the device entity name hint should not be needed.

> This component will create these sensors in the format of `{ultrasync_hubname}_{sensor}`;  The below example assumes you accept the default name of `UltraSync` (which is still represented in lowercase):

Reviewer 2: Additionally, we don't use double spacing.

- `ultrasync_area1state`: The Area 1 State
- `ultrasync_area2state`: The Area 2 State
- `ultrasync_area3state`: The Area 3 State
- `ultrasync_area4state`: The Area 4 State

> There are several states each sensor can be at, but usually they will be one of the following: `Unknown`, `Ready`, `Not Ready`, `Armed Stay`, and `Armed Away`.  The `Unknown` state is assigned to sensors that are not reporting; they usually sit in the spots of the Area's you're not monitoring.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
There are several states each sensor can be at, but usually, they will be one of the following: `Unknown`, `Ready`, `Not Ready`, `Armed Stay`, and `Armed Away`. The `Unknown` state is assigned to sensors that are not reporting; they usually sit in the spots of the areas you're not monitoring.
```

## Event Automation

> When an Zone or Sensor changes it's state an event usable for automation is triggered on the Home Assistant Bus.

Reviewer 2: Suggestion: add support for device automations to the integration?

```suggestion
When a zone or sensor changes its state an event is triggered. Those events are usable for automations.
```

Possible events are:

- `ultrasync_sensor_update`: The event includes the sensor no, name, and new status it changed to.
- `ultrasync_area_update`: The event includes the area no, name, and new status it changed to (if it did). **Note**: Area's are sent periodic heartbeats in which case the state will not change at all.

> Example automation to send a message via [Apprise](https://www.home-assistant.io/integrations/apprise/) on a sensor change in your home:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Example automation to send a message via [Apprise](/integrations/apprise/) on a sensor change in your home:
```

{% raw %}

```yaml
- alias: House Movement
  trigger:
    platform: event
    event_type: ultrasync_sensor_update
  action:
    service: notify.apprise
    data:
      title: "Sensor activated!"
      message: "{{trigger.event.data.name}} has new status {{trigger.event.data.status}}"
```

{% endraw %}

## Services

Available services:

- `stay`: Set alarm scene to Stay Mode
- `away`: Set alarm scene to Away Mode (fully activate Alarm)

> - `disarm`: Disarm the alarm

Reviewer 2: Aren't these services dictated by the alarm control panel entity component?
